# Information-based Preprocessing
Processing of binary time series data in order to enable fruther analysis and modeling.  
In our case, the data originates from a PLC of a cyber-physical system.  
This repository covers:
 - initial data processing
 - feature filtering
 - uniformizing event-based data
 - cycle (periodicity) detection
 - cycle cutting of the data

# Run
Execute main.py

# Datasets
Information regarding the PLC datasets are contained in the 'meta_data_i.log' files.  
Set 'src/configuration/config.py/data_set' with the data name.  
  
**PLC_data_1:**  
Less complex PLC dataset, the states each have a dedicated feature where the positive flank  
(0->1 value switch) indicates a state start.  
The noise is generated by inducing random features.  
  
**PLC_data_2:**  
More complex PLC dataset, the states each have a unique combination of feature values indicating a state start.  
This leads to less precise cycle cutting due to our logic only considering one cyclic signal.  
For this reason this part of the code is still in development.  
The noise is generated by inducing random values.  

# Citation
If you find this repository useful in your research, or you make use of our data,  
please consider citing the following paper:  
```
@misc{sai2023informationbased,
      title={Information-based Preprocessing of PLC Data for Automatic Behavior Modeling}, 
      author={Brandon K. Sai and Jonas Gram and Thomas Bauernhansl},
      year={2023},
      eprint={2307.15404},
      archivePrefix={arXiv},
      primaryClass={eess.SY}
}
```

# Contact
If you have any questions, feel free to contact Jonas Gram through E-Mail (jonas.gram@ipa.fraunhofer.de)
or Github issues.  
Pull requests are highly welcomed!  
